# Parameter

The Parameter region has 4 classes which, together, define the physical parameters. These consist of a "MIP Variable" class which is an aggregation of a "Units" class and a "Standard Name" class, and a classifier.

There is a constraint of consistency bewteen the Units attribute specified by the classifier and the Canonical Units of the Standard Name. 

## StandardName

The StandardName class represents the definition of a CF Standard Name. This is instantiated by importing content from the CF Standard Name table,

### label

The term itself: a string defined by the CF Standard Name table, e.g. `air_temperature`.

### title

A string generated automatically from the standard name, with spaces replacing underscores.

### canonical_units

A valid CF unit of measure. The CF Convention states that any variable which uses this standard
name must have units conforming to the Canonical Units associated with the term. 

In ISO 80000 terminology, the dimensionality must match.

### description

A description of the term. This may be autogenerated based on definitions of components of the standard name.

## Units

All units used are listed. 

### label

A nmonic string identifying the instance.

### title

### value

Specification of the string in the form `m s-1`: i.e. space separated list of base units, each optionally modied by a power.

### dimensionality [NEW]

To aid alignment with ISO 80000, a dimensionality in the sense of ISO 80000 is added. 

## ParameterClassifier

### title

### units

### description

### constraint [NEW]

The constraint specifies restrctions on the usage of this parameter. 
For instance, it may require the specification of a height which is near the Earth's surface. 

### constraint_language [NEW]

The constraint may be expressed in `natural` language, `json` or `EBNF`.

### quantity [NEW]

In ISO 80000, the concept of `quantity` is used. For example, there is a "thermodynamic temperature" and a "flow of energy across a surface". Several parameters may share a `quantity`, for example, both `Air Temperaure` and `Sea Surface Temperature` are specialisations of `thermodynamic temperature`, but `potential temperature` is not. The introduction of `quantity` is designed to provide both a link to the ISO standard and a level of aggregation which can aid the review process for new names.

### realm [NEW]

The `realm` attribute in schema 1.0 was attached to the CMOR Variable (configured parameter region) rather than the MIP Variable. The move reflects the revised approach to naming variables and the implication attached to that that each MIP variable should apply to a unique realm. The realm of the MIP variable indicates the realm which the parameter is describing. 




